Girls, let us dance from the dance floor!
Children, come to my ceremony.
Sweetest Monday morning since you got married.
That we can lead a happy life
I'm sorry for the trouble.
I can hear your grudge, but if you don't mind,
I'll leave the remains in the grave.
I'll go to the mountains.
I'm sorry for the trouble.
I hate it. I hate it.
I hate it.
I've been hiding it from you.
I want to be a good daughter to you.
I'm sorry for the trouble.
If you're ready,
take the dirty paper and put it back.
It's a piece of paper, but it won't stop.
I hate it. I hate it.
I'm sorry for the trouble.
I thought so.
I was so afraid.
Well, then,
if that's the case,
doesn't that mean I can die?
I just want to spin things around
I'll not stop until you tell me how to do thing
Thank you for watching.